This is the scene of a crime.
A crime of passion filmed in a way you have never seen before
and there’s no one else would dare attempt but the Screams Master of Suspense,
The Producer Director who shocked the world with Psycho.
[Suspense Music]
This is the apartment of a man named Jeffries, a news photographer who’s beat used to be the world.
right now, his world has shrunk down to the size of this window.
He's been watching the people across the way nobody seems to pull their blinds during a hot spell like this.
He knows a lot about them by now. Too much perhaps.
For instance down there on the second floor the woman pacing about he calls her miss lonely hearts, so lonely that even death seems like a friend.
These are the newlyweds on a honeymoon no one will ever forget.
He calls her miss hearing aid, an artist of a very odd and strange art.
The songwriter who plays the same melody over and over again.
A genius... or insane.
This is the traveling salesman and his invalued wife, out of their argument comes a weird kind of love.
Miss Torso, the body beautiful, that is viewed from a safe distance.
Those are just a few of my neighbours.
First I watch them just to kill time but then I couldn't take my eyes off em just as you wouldn't be able to.
and you won't be able to take your eyes off the glowing beauty of Grace Kelly.
who shares the heart and curiosity of James Stewart
in this story of a romance shadowed by the terror of a horrifying secret.
[Suspense Music]